hey guys can fight up front here and I'm
showing you and further detail my rescue
for is a know what year it is but it's
the Pierce land based off of the Bob k
hazmat unit for fire department you can
check out his site in the description
below I will put a site name up there
and how to get to that okay so i'll show
you the sides first I did try to color
code it of course it didn't really work
so this sides more or less gray at the
gray there okay so i had a gray line so
i had to finish that and then you got
the gray roof to the side has lego
planes i will be taking that off and
putting a better one on then the back
you got a little light like the light up
the place red light red light red light
but turn this thing on stop light and
then you have the morning thing right
there sending out these and you got
those lights tak kind of it light stand
that's a little kick that you can put it
up then you have this side which is
bigger door we had two compartments
there like the other side then you get
this little one on like the other side
with an scba door I would have put this
kind of door on that but I didn't have
the pieces i will but no offense to
bricklink your pieces kind of were
horrible i bought off some stuff and
they're all shuffled up or some people
have scratched or and there isn't just
just kind of bad so if you guys know any
places to buy good bricks for you know
that cells in the u.s. only in the US i
would like to hear him yeah you got the
logo
at the front get the license plate with
a warning thing accuse sirens she likes
it there let's go on to further detail
you have compartment here more or less
this holds a cup of straws cova Saul's
pretty much all the rest ebas yeah man I
got these cool lights up here I have
them on both sides then you got here SUV
a compartment for some tools and then I
have a thermal-imaging at the bottom and
then that it blows up into you like a
huge thing to lift up cars and here you
have two specialized tools like a
rancher broom couple sauce something to
break into like doors of their locked
yep a jaws of life the scissors of life
whatever that whatever that's called so
ya then same with that you gotten a CVA
there yet in this one you have a med kit
and a defibrillator back that and this
one have nothing yet and then this is
just a smaller door that's the thing to
break indoors yeah nigga you can kind of
have the picture of the jaws of life to
put all the equipment here I had to take
off most of the stuff from engine 10 I'm
sorry about that i just had to so
besides really not so much just got to
windows there two windows in there yep
but for the air conditioning then you
have this light ball chair with things
pretty cool this is the view from the
front
thanku I think this yeah so every much
yeah yeah Chen fired up and shining out
p